Vin's Thoughts
===========================================
Lazorz Ideas:  1-4 players, 3x3 OVERALL grid so a total of 9 game boards. For one player, 8 of 9 are locked, and the object is to unlock the surround boards and ultimately complete the middle puzzle.  For 2 players, each player has an initial board unlocked and they have to solve their other 3 in order to unlock the middle board together, where they will then use their minds together to solve the final multi laser puzzle.  Also, as the player number increases, the number of game boards could increase as well.

Now taking that overall gameplay, I think the most fitting idea (theme) would be like a tomb or temple.  Just stoney and ancient looking.  Players would start in their own temple room, and in order to succeed would need to complete their laser puzzle to unlock the door to the next, more difficult temple room.  Once a player complete's their required temple rooms, their laser would be projected into the lock of the final middle room and when all players lasers hit the lock of the middle room, it is unlocked and they are required to use all 4 lasers to solve the puzzle and unlock the relic.  This adds a story element in the way that you're trying to explore the temples and solve the puzzles to ultimately retrieve the relic/prize within.  temple rooms could contain enemies that need to be defeated in order to proceed like big spiders, or even mummies.  

Now to flip that completely and make the game a bit more of a competition rather than working together, you could have the players starting in the middle each with their own laser and have them fighting to see who can escape the temple the fastest by completing their temple rooms.  That could even be another story element to the previous idea.  Have them work together to reach the relic, that when removed causes a collapse or something to change where now it's somewhat of a race of who can get out the fastest.  Points could be awarded for having the relic when you finish, finish the fastest, using the least mirrors or objects to complete the puzzle etc.

I definitely think the temple, ancient esque theme is the best route.  It carries that idea of exploration that all kids enjoy.
===========================================
