Lorin Petersen
==============

Lorin is a 5th year Game Design and Development Student of the Interactive
Games and Media department (http://igm.rit.edu) at Rochester Insitute of
Technology (http://rit.edu). Over the course of Lorin's academic career, she
has written games using XNA, built interactive multi-touch interfaces using the
Kinect, and presented her work at the Strong Museum of Play. When she isn't
crafting bits, she serves as a Student Ambassador for the Golisano College of
Computing and Information Sciences, helping to plan college wide initiatives
that strengthen ties between RIT students, Faculty, and Alumni.


Vincent Cardinale
=================

Vin is a 5th year Game Design and Development Student of the Interactive Games
and Media department at Rochester Insitute of Technology (http://rit.edu).
During his work-study with SPX Rochester, a Fortune 500 Company, Vin integrated his
modified product configuration architecture into the existing eSales platform,
while closing a sundry of bugs. During his coursework, Vin has contributed to a
number of 2D and 3D games using XNA, Visual Studio, Flash, ActionScript, C#,
HTML5, and javascript.


Remy DeCausemaker
=================

Remy is a Graduate Student of the RIT Professional Studies Program,
concentrating in Public Policy and Communications and Media Technology.

Inside and outside of the classroom he helps mentor and guide the students and
faculty of RIT's Humanitarian Free/Opensource Software Development course. He
also serves the board of CIVX.us, who's mission is to improve access, openness,
and transparency of public information. With help from Sugarlabs,
TeachingOpensource.org, The Software Freedom Law Center, The Fedora Project,
and many others, Remy brings The Open Source Way to campuses, conferences, and
campaigns everywhere he can. He prefers the Python programming language, and
uses HTML5, Javascript, and jQuery for web development whenever he can. He even
writes his notes and papers for his courses in HTML!
